d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.exe
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.deps.json
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.pdb
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\Clinica.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.pdb
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\Clinica.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\obj\Debug\net8.0\Clinica.csproj.Up2Date
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\freebsd\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\illumos\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\ios\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\solaris\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\tvos\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
d:\Files\Trabalhos\ISCED\Francelino\III ANO\II BLOCO\Base de Dados II\Códigos copeados\ODBC\C#\Clinica\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win\lib\net8.0\System.Data.Odbc.dll
